## Hello there!

My name is Mateusz Koniuszewski and I am mid **Python Developer**.

I would like to introduce you to a few projects developed (or currently being developed) by myself:
- [NotesCoC](https://github.com/MateuszKon/NotesCoC) - Currently developed app for creating notebook-like application with some custom features. Server side is written with flask framework and client web is generated with some jinja templates. Used libraries and technologies are: Flask, SQLAlchemy, Marshmallow, WTForms, PostgreSQL, Alembic, HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap. Application has prepared configuration files for virtualization with Docker and Kubernetes mostly for creating local testing environment.
- [APIStockServer](https://github.com/MateuszKon/APIStockServer) - This is first project where I learned conecpts of developing server using some core skills and knowledge (e.g. using **SOLID** principles). Server works with **PostgreSQL** database, implements **RESTful API**. Currently server checks some ETF prices of precious metals and calculates discounts - then informs subscribed users about discount (when threshold is exceeded). In the future users will be able register themselves and set some alerts for pricing etc. or note some transactions done on those stocks. Afterwards some website will be prepared to access this web server... That was a plan, but most probably project will be left unfinished. 
- [L5XeTree](https://github.com/MateuszKon/L5XeTree) - This is my first module created to avoid repeating the same work during automating PLC programming process. Module was created using **OOP** principles. Some simple **unittest**s are implemented for bug checking during implementing new features. Whole development of this project is not availabe here on GitHub as it was imported from TortoiseSVN version control system.
- [L5XModifier](https://github.com/MateuszKon/L5XModifier) – My first GUI application created with **PySide6 (Qt)** and **QtDesigner**. App uses L5XeTree module. It was created to make possible using prepared module by coworkers. With PyInstaller it is possible to create standalone version of application.
